I feel fucking ridiculous.
You look fucking ridiculous.
You know. I was thinking
you could come to the 10-Petal
-and help out on the weekends.
-Yeah. that sounds cool.
Okay. I want you
to have fun tonight.
♪ tense. dramatic music ♪
[Zane]
There she is.
This is my husband Rip.
Heard a lot about you.
I'm happy
we're in business together.
Business part's my wife.
"Joaquin may not be
a Jackson by birth.
but I've seen him
as my own flesh and blood."
Well. what did you
expect me to do?
This ranch is my legacy.
and I'll never let Kino have it.
Them two.
[Frank]
They didn't see it coming.
-but they had it coming.
-[Austin] But they ain't wrong.
10-Petal's dirty.
As of tonight. I intend
to pass the reins on
to Robert William Jackson III.
-You just fucked yourself.
-Oh. careful now.
Chet always was a lousy shot.
You should've
finished me yourself.
'cause you're never
getting another chance.
You want me? Quit acting like
a fucking steer and grow a pair.
Put that down!
Carter. what the fuck?
[guests gasping]
-Get him out of here.
-[Oreana] Help!
♪ tense. exciting music ♪
[helicopter blades whirring]
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
[paramedics shouting
indistinctly]
Rob-Will!
Get in.
She's gonna be okay.
[paramedic]
She's in. Let's go!
♪♪♪
♪ slow. somber music ♪
[Carter groaning]
[coughs]
[sniffles]
[groaning]
Oh. I'm sorry.
-I'm sorry. [wheezes]
-Carter.
Get up and get on your horse.
Sorry.
So sorry.
-I fucked up.
-Carter.
Get back on your horse.
[Carter sighs]
Come on. get it together now.
[Carter gasps]
I need my... I need my rein.
[Rip]
Here.
Get your shit together.
[Carter groaning softly]
Oh. Wait. wait.
Fuck. wait. Rip.
Oh. fuck.
It's all over
my fucking horse. Rip.
[groans]
Rip. it's all over my horse.
Can we take a break?
Just stay on your fucking horse.
[groaning. coughing]
♪ tense. dramatic music ♪
Sir. you're gonna
have to stay here.
What do we have for access?
We got two 18 AC gauges.
no art-line yet.
[staff speaks indistinctly]
♪ slow. dramatic music ♪
♪♪♪
♪ slow. somber music ♪
[footsteps approach]
You get any rest?
No.
He's never acted
that way before.
Shit. Carter's done
a lot of living
-for 19. honey.
-Yeah.
Seems to run in the family.
Hmm.
Yeah. I've broken a lot
of things in my life.
I don't want to break him.
You ain't gonna break Carter.
sweetheart.
Remember.
we ain't perfect either.
No.
And we need to teach him
how to be unbreakable.
[elevator bell chimes]
[exhales]
I'm scared. tío.
I know.
Thank you for calling me.
Your family needs you. son.
Glad you're here.
[Oreana sighs]
It's okay.
I made coffee.
I'll be on the porch.
[exhales]
[Carter grunts]
What's going on. baby?
[Carter exhales]
I quit school.
Why?
'Cause.
"'Cause"? Try again.
I hated it.
You hated it.
Okay.
You didn't give it enough time.
-Rip didn't go to school.
-Don't think Rip
had it all sunshine
and fucking roses.
He had nothing.
He had no choice.
You don't just get handed
anything in life.
You got to work for it.
Got to be better. do better.
School can help you learn.
Carter.
Is it the only way? No.
But when you're given a chance
to make your life better.
you fucking grab it.
Carter. I want you happy.
But I need you ready.
Ready for the hard parts when
they come. and they're coming.
I already had two parents die.
I figured that out.
You're right.
But I'm not sure
that's something
you ever figure out. Carter.
And I'm sorry every day
that that happened to you.
My dream is to cowboy.
To be like Rip. like your dad.
[exhales]
♪ slow. somber music ♪
Then you go to work.
Today.
Rip will take you
to the 10-Petal.
Cowboys don't get a day off
'cause they're hungover.
Better hurry up and get dressed.
He won't wait for ya.
Yes. ma'am.
[door closes]
Daddy.
She had a heart attack.
[clears throat]
They. uh. they did
an angioplasty.
Will she live?
She'll be fine.
-When can she come home?
-[chuckles]
Your grandmother's already tried
to escape twice. baby girl.
She's a tough one.
Can I see her?
No. she wants
to talk to us first.
[sniffles]
♪ slow. dramatic music ♪
[door opens]
She's gonna be okay. Oreana.
Kino. I need you to make peace
with your brother.
You lied to me.
No. I-I changed my mind.
I need you to fall in line.
That's the best trick he knows.
And make no mistake.
you need him a lot more
than he needs you.
Well. he's the one
who needs to find a new job.
Oh. stop it.
You're a fine cowboy.
but you're not a true cattleman.
not like Rip Wheeler.
-[laughs softly]
-And you got
a fine head for business. but...
you don't have
Beth's killer instinct.
Well. they're gone. too.
Robert William. you...
[laughs softly]
...you are so goddamned weak.
That's why I'm leaving
the ranch to you.
It's not your prize.
it's your protection.
And Beth and Rip?
They're assets.
so y'all don't end up in here
or somewhere far worse.
You're my sons.
and you're linked at the hip...
...whether you like it or not.
from cradle to grave.
I'll fetch my shovel.
-Enough.
-[Joaquin] Is that all.
Mother?
No.
No. It's fucking everything.
[Joaquin]
Hmm.
[exhales]
Rest up.
[sighs]
First time I cowboyed
with my old man.
I was sore for a week.
Shoot.
Father and son
cowboying side by side.
that's damn beautiful. viejo.
Mm-hmm.
Can't wait to do it with my kid.
Yeah. well.
don't fucking rush. Azul.
Too fucking late.
What's that?
Delilah just found out.
I mean. well.
we-we just found out.
[chuckles]
Congratulations.
-Thanks. boss.
-[Carter coughs]
[Carter]
Whoa. Rip.
[gags]
You got to pull over.
No. no. no. no. don't you
fucking throw up in my truck.
Hold on a second.
[Azul laughs]
Oh. kid's gonna be hating life.
[Rip]
He already does. Look at him.
-Let's go. borrachín.
-What's that one mean?
-What's that mean. now?
-Like a boozehound.
[Rip chuckles]
[Rip]
Come on. now.
Let's go. son. Let's go!
Vámonos.
[laughs]
-Come on. now.
-[Carter grunts] Oh. shit.
[Azul]
Watch out.
You get it out of you?
-Let's go.
-[Azul] Agárrate.
Get in. boy.
♪ hopeful. pastoral music ♪
Right in here.
[knocks on door]
Hi.
Is Carter okay?
He's better now.
Oreana.
Will you help me find
something sweet to eat?
-[Oreana chuckles]
-Please.
-[Oreana] Yeah.
-[Everett] Thanks.
-See you later.
-Thanks.
Ah.
Should've bought you whiskey.
[chuckles]
I'm sorry.
Oh. I've raised boys.
Hell. I'm still raising 'em.
If the worst he's done to date
is a little drunken
hell-raising.
you've done all right by him.
Feels like we're apologizing
for our children
our entire lives.
Maybe we're just apologizing
for ourselves.
Hmm.
Your retirement. Beulah...
...was unexpected.
Yeah. Impulsive maybe.
Little bit.
You know. it changes things.
I don't see how.
10-Petal's stronger
with you and Rip.
whether I'm there or not.
Well. I didn't agree
to work with your son.
I agreed to work with you.
Well. I'm not
leaving tomorrow. so...
if you're willing.
I'd love for you to just
take it a day at a time.
Well. we'll talk about it when
you're out of here. shall we?
You just get better.
But he is a mistake.
He's a liability. Beulah.
He's my son. Beth.
I will not apologize for him
or myself.
♪ slow. dramatic music ♪
[sighs]
If you love her.
trust she'll come around.
H-How do I know
if she'll come around. though?
[Rip] You don't.
That's the trust part.
Should I saddle up a longhorn?
Boy's learned
his whiskey limits.
Do me a favor.
Grab a couple of these guys
and clear them hog traps.
The rest of you guys
are with Azul and I.
-Let's go to work.
-Austin. Miguel.
-[laughter]
-[overlapping Spanish chatter]
♪ slow. atmospheric music ♪
[groans softly]
[cowboy clicks tongue]
You know the rule
around here. right?
Puke. you got to lick it up.
-[Frank] You hear that. güero?
-[Rip] Shut the fuck up.
You good?
[sniffles]
Yeah. I'm fine. sir.
Get it together. Carter.
Come on. now.
Daylight's burning.
Any good?
It's great.
Read it half a dozen times.
I'll never understand
reading a book over again.
You already know the ending.
Well. sometimes knowing
the ending's the best part.
Mm.
[exhales]
I know that look. McKinney.
Why choose Rob-Will?
Why wear your wedding ring?
Because I'm still married.
-Yeah.
-I mean. not that I want
to be with her.
if that's what you're asking.
Well...
...sometimes the important thing
is to choose.
♪ slow. somber music ♪
Kino may be my son.
but he's not my flesh and blood.
Not like Rob-Will.
I love him. I do.
But...
...Rob-Will's the choice
I felt I had to make.
Yeah. and how about when he runs
your ranch into the ground?
I don't know that I have it
in me to care anymore.
-No?
-No.
I'm tired. Everett.
I'm so fucking tired.
I just want to get on
with the getting on.
When I watched you almost die.
well. I'd...
...hate to waste a shot at love
just 'cause
I'm so damn stubborn.
Well. I'd hate it. too.
What I'm trying to say is. um...
[tongue clicks]
[chuckles] I'm ready to take
that final ride with you.
if you are.
Well...
[chuckles]
If I'd known that a heart attack
would change your mind.
I'd have had one sooner.
[both laugh]
Oh.
Well. I'm ready. too.
Want to get the hell
out of this damn bed.
Well. just hold your horses now.
Just-just wait until. you know.
-you get discharged.
-Look. you can either...
you can either unhook me
and help me
or I'll do it myself.
-[sighs]
-[laughing]
And we're not going
to my house either.
Well. hell. Beulah.
[both laughing]
All right. let's go
before she comes back.
[cattle lowing]
-[cowboy chuffing]
-[cowboy 2 whistles]
[cowboy 3]
Hyah.
-Azul.
-Yes. sir.
You see this baldy here?
-She looks a little wormy.
Go on and pull her out.
will you?
Yes. sir.
Hey. Carter.
Yeah?
You see this fence line here?
Go on and tend to it.
[Carter]
Oh. shit.
I forgot my gloves.
I'm sorry.
[Rip]
Go on. Here.
Take 'em.
I'll cowboy up.
[cattle continues lowing]
[cowboy chuffing]
[cowboy 2 whistles]
[cowboy 3 hollering]
♪ slow. dramatic music ♪
Go on.
Carter.
Take 'em.
Go on. take 'em.
Let's go. let's keep it moving!
[chuffs. shouts]
[sniffles]
-[exhales]
-[sniffles]
Float's busted.
Y'all ride ahead. I'll fix this.
♪ slow. suspenseful music ♪
[squealing]
[Austin whistles]
Over here. motherfucker.
You're gonna give me
some answers.
Don't ask shit
you don't want to know.
you already fucking know.
We all got to worry
about catching a bullet now?
No. no. no. Just you.
Just you.
You're not gonna shoot me
over no fucking cows.
Killed my friends over 'em?
[laughs softly]
[Zach]
Lower those fucking rifles!
I ain't asking.
[gunshot]
♪ slow. dark music ♪
Hey.
We ain't done here.
I am.
[chuffs]
That one's got a temper.
[whispers]
Okay.
[doctor] Ms. Jackson?
[Everett]
That was a close call.
[both laugh]
Where's Ms. Jackson?
-We got this.
-Ooh. there she is.
-Okay...
-Mm.
-[laughs]
-Okay. Go. go.
[chuckles]
♪ slow. dramatic music ♪
[cattle lowing]
[cowboy chuffing]
[cowboy 2]
Ganado San Manuel.
[cowboy 3]
A huevo. viejo.
[cowboy chuffing]
[cowboy whistles]
[cowboys hollering]
[hollering continues]
Fence done?
Yeah. got it.
The cattle ain't as fleshy
as Rip likes.
We're gonna run 'em across
the scales. worm 'em again.
[cattle bellowing]
Fuck. Pendejo.
[clicks tongue]
Rookie mistake.
Triple-check every fucking gate.
-Frank. Tommy. grab that one.
-I got it. I got it.
Rip!
♪ tense. suspenseful music ♪
Shit.
[groans]
-Hey. you okay?
-[grunts]
[strains]
Yeah. I'm-I'm fine.
Hey. your horse ain't going
nowhere. Let me get you checked.
I said I'm fucking fine. Azul.
Hey! Don't you yell at him.
Get on your horse.
[Carter grunts]
Fuck this shit.
Go back to work. Let's go.
Just gonna straighten up a sec
and make the bed for you.
Just make yourself comfortable.
[chuckling]
Yeah. don't mind me.
I can make you some...
chamomile tea
if you'd like. but...
don't go asking me
for my. for my whiskey.
♪ gentle music ♪
Sleep?
From your lips. Beulah.
♪♪♪
-[clears throat]
-Tough day. viejo.
He'll apologize.
[Rip]
Go on home. Azul.
Give Delilah my best. will you?
Yes. sir.
We gonna talk.
or you just gonna stare at me?
Any other hand
that rode the fuck away from me.
I would have fired their ass.
Do it. then.
♪ slow. somber music ♪
Want to take a swing at me?
Hmm?
Carter. I've lost more
than I've won in this life.
But I've learned more from
my failure than any success.
We don't get to choose the pain.
but we get to choose
how we build from it.
Understand?
You'll never be my father.
No. I won't.
I got two people
who think they're saviors
'cause they took in an orphan.
Guess what. You ain't
the only orphan in this family.
I know what it feels like.
Ain't the only asshole either.
Fuck.
[door opens]
[door closes]
Hey.
[door opens]
-[door closes]
-Carter?
Carter.
Where are you going?
[Carter]
I'm out of here.
Hey.
Carter!
Carter. what happened?
Beth. I grew up
between Montana and Texas.
No one noticed.
[sighs]
Shit. Carter.
Forgive me if I didn't hear
your balls drop
on the ride down here.
-Fuck this.
-Wait. Hey.
You didn't ask for us.
Okay? I know.
But you and I.
we were given to one another.
and I'm sure as hell glad
that we were.
I'm sorry I haven't been
there for you.
But I'm gonna try harder.
I'm not really a natural
at this shit. you know?
[softly]
Yeah. neither am I.
You held my hand
when I said goodbye to my dad.
And I was in the room
when you said goodbye to yours.
None of it is fair.
But perhaps some of it is meant.
Meant or not. I-I need to go.
I need to be alone.
[Beth]
Go.
Just know
this will always be your home.
♪ slow. somber music ♪
[engine starts]
[door closes]
I hear the old bird's
on the mend.
Sadly. yes.
Meaning what?
♪ slow. tense music ♪
Just a little flashy
for my taste.
No offense.
That's a murder weapon.
Which murder?
Wes Ayers.
Rob-Will killed him with that.
Issue a warrant.
And where's Wes's body?
I don't know.
-You don't know.
-I-I'm working on it.
Christ's sakes. Kino.
Your family's crazier than
a sack of cats in a rainstorm.
They're no longer my family.
I ain't so sure
you get to decide that.
I just did.
[phone vibrating]
Tell you what.
You can go play your game
of Clue elsewhere.
Have you forgotten who I am?
No.
I just no longer give a fuck.
[phone vibrates]
Hello.
Yeah. hang on.
You can leave that.
and I want you to shut that door
on your way out.
Go on.
["Pipe Dream"
by Red Shahan playing]
♪ Crybaby's graduating ♪
♪ Ship him off.
watch the women run wild... ♪
Beer and two shots of Jack.
♪ Foresee the pipe dream ♪
♪ Didn't change a thing ♪
♪ Those trophies ain't gold... ♪
What'd you go to prison for?
That's an impolite question.
That's why I'm asking.
Hmm.
I was drunk...
...had a fight
with my girl Terry Jane.
Put my pickup in reverse
and didn't realize
she'd followed me out
till it was too late.
♪ Find a friend
that's nothing like you... ♪
Got another question.
Shoot.
♪ Turn your back
on who you've been ♪
♪ Midnight oil
in a cotton field ♪
Can I fucking trust you?
♪ Stirrin' up trouble
with a broken seal... ♪
Can I fucking trust Rip?
With your life.
♪ slow. tense music ♪
[sniffles]
[footsteps approaching]
You want to talk?
What happened to Xena?
She's at that Texas Zoofari Park
down in Kaufman.
Didn't shoot her. too?
Careful.
You only get to question
my integrity once.
It's good to see you sobered up.
You done making a fool
of yourself?
I want a job.
Try the unemployment office.
No. I want a job with you.
Of course.
[chuckles]
You need a GED
or a diploma. plus
a Basic Peace Officer Course.
Do I?
I think if Dwight White were
here. he'd think differently.
♪ slow. dramatic music ♪
Go home. son.
There's nothing for you
around here.
[Austin]
Something's always felt off.
Like the way they still
brought in big cattle loads
after the border got shut down
'cause of screwworm.
And you know this for sure?
Wes wanted to get
to the bottom of it.
buddied up to Rob-Will.
then ended up dead.
The bottom of what?
10-Petal's got an operation
down in Mexico
that steals and smuggles
cattle in illegally.
Forges all the paperwork
for Border Patrol
and cattle brokers.
Place is so mismanaged.
it's the only way
they've kept the lights on.
kept living in luxury.
I mean. hell. it's the only way
they've been able to afford
a goddamn thing.
Whole Jackson family's crooked.
top to bottom.
They ain't ranchers.
Those motherfuckers are thieves.
putting every ranch
in South Texas at risk.
[Zach sighs]
That would explain
Bullet.
And foot-and-mouth.
When's the next load?
Two days.
♪ tense. dark music ♪
[sighs deeply]
[groaning]
Fuck.
Fuck!
¡Su puta madre!
[breathing heavily]
[grunts]
[exhales]
♪ ominous music ♪
-[phone beeps]
-[inhales deeply]
Hola. papá.
Necesito tu ayuda.
♪♪♪
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm